absence < absense
absence < absance
acceptable < acceptible
accidentally < accidentaly
accidently < accidentaly
accommodate < accomodate
accommodate < acommodate
achieve < acheive
acknowledge < acknowlege
acknowledge < aknowledge
acquaintance < acquaintence
acquaintance < aquaintance
acquire < aquire
acquire < adquire
acquit < aquit
acreage < acrage
acreage < acerage
address < adress
adultery < adultary
advisable < adviseable
advisable < advizable
affect < effect
aggression < agression
aggressive < agressive
allegiance < allegaince
allegiance < allegience
allegiance < alegiance
almost < allmost
a lot < alot
amateur < amatuer
amateur < amature
annually < anually
annually < annualy
apparent < apparant
apparent < aparent
arctic < artic
argument < arguement
atheist < athiest
awful < awfull
awful < aweful
because < becuase
becoming < becomeing
beginning < begining
believe < beleive
bellwether < bellweather
buoy < bouy
buoyant < bouyant
business < buisness
calendar < calender
camouflage < camoflage
camouflage < camoflague
capitol < capital
Caribbean < Carribean
category < catagory
caught < cauhgt
caught < caugt
cemetery < cemetary
cemetery < cematery
changeable < changable
chief < cheif
colleague < collaegue
colleague < collegue
collectible < collectable
column < colum
coming < comming
committed < commited
committed < comitted
concede < conceed
congratulate < congradulate
conscientious < consciencious
conscious < concious
conscious < consious
consensus < concensus
controversy < contraversy
coolly < cooly
daiquiri < dacquiri
daiquiri < daquiri
deceive < decieve
definite < definate
definite < definit
definitely < definitly
definitely < definately
definitely < defiantly
desperate < desparate
difference < diffrence
dilemma < dilema
disappoint < disapoint
disastrous < disasterous
drunkenness < drunkeness
dumbbell < dumbell
embarrass < embarass
equipment < equiptment
exceed < excede
exhilarate < exilerate
existence < existance
experience < experiance
extreme < extreem
fascinating < facinating
fiery < firey
fluorescent < flourescent
foreign < foriegn
friend < freind
fulfil < fullfil
fulfill < fullfil
gauge < guage
grateful < gratefull
grateful < greatful
guarantee < garantee
guarantee < garentee
guarantee < garanty
guidance < guidence
harass < harrass
height < heighth
height < heigth
hierarchy < heirarchy
hors d'oeuvres < hors derves
hors d'oeuvres < ordeurves
humorous < humerous
hygiene < hygene
hygiene < hygine
hygiene < hiygeine
hygiene < higeine
hygiene < hygeine
hypocrisy < hipocrit
hypocrite < hipocrit
ignorance < ignorence
imitate < immitate
immediately < imediately
independent < independant
indispensable < indispensible
inoculate < innoculate
intelligence < inteligence
intelligence < intelligance
jewelry < jewelery
jewellery < jewelery
judgment < judgement
kernel < kernal
leisure < liesure
liaison < liason
library < libary
library < liberry
license < lisence
licence < lisence
lightning < lightening
lose < loose
maintenance < maintainance
maintenance < maintnance
medieval < medeval
medieval < medevil
medieval < mideval
memento < momento
millennium < millenium
millennium < milennium
miniature < miniture
minuscule < miniscule
mischievous < mischievious
mischievous < mischevous
mischievous < mischevious
misspell < mispell
misspell < misspel
necessary < neccessary
necessary < necessery
niece < neice
neighbor < nieghbor
noticeable < noticable
occasion < occassion
occasionally < occasionaly
occasionally < occassionally
occurrence < occurrance
occurrence < occurence
occurred < occured
omission < ommision
omission < omision
original < orignal
outrageous < outragous
parliament < parliment
pastime < passtime
pastime < pasttime
perceive < percieve
perseverance < perseverence
personnel < personell
personnel < personel
plagiarize < plagerize
playwright < playright
playwright < playwrite
possession < posession
possession < possesion
potatoes < potatos
precede < preceed
presence < presance
principle < principal
privilege < privelege
privilege < priviledge
professor < professer
promise < promiss
pronunciation < pronounciation
proof < prufe
prophecy < prophesy
publicly < publically
quarantine < quarentine
queue < que
questionnaire < questionaire
questionnaire < questionnair
readable < readible
really < realy
receive < recieve
receipt < reciept
recommend < recomend
recommend < reccommend
referred < refered
reference < referance
reference < refrence
relevant < relevent
relevant < revelant
religious < religous
religious < religius
repetition < repitition
restaurant < restarant
restaurant < restaraunt
rhyme < rime
rhyme < ryme
rhythm < rythm
rhythm < rythem
secretary < secratary
secretary < secretery
seize < sieze
separate < seperate
sergeant < sargent
similar < similer
skilful < skilfull
skillful < skilfull
speech < speach
speech < speeche
successful < succesful
successful < successfull
successful < sucessful
supersede < supercede
surprise < suprise
surprise < surprize
their < there
their < they're
tomatoes < tomatos
tomorrow < tommorrow
twelfth < twelth
tyranny < tyrany
underrate < underate
until < untill
upholstery < upholstry
usable < usible
useable < usible
vacuum < vaccuum
vacuum < vaccum
vacuum < vacume
vehicle < vehical
vicious < visious
weather < wether
weird < wierd
welfare < wellfare
welfare < welfair
whether < wether
wilful < wilfull
willful < wilfull
withhold < withold
writing < writting
writing < writeing
